hi guys it's me angel clementi with a
really cool review and today's review is
going to be kind of a battle against
none other than plays so over here we
have the multi color clay and violet and
right here we have the infamous monogram
clay also known as a key pouch so i'm
going to show you the difference between
the two and let you decide which one is
right for you of course i have both so
very decided let's get started okay
let's start we have appearance this is
five by three and a half a very thin
i'll give it 18 inch in width it's got a
really nice glazing the interior is very
tall has this nice fleet to add for
expansion this beautiful chain the
infamous clasp and this actually very
normal zipper and it's cute
now this one it has oh let me get this
this is two and a half five three and a
half and it's very wide almost half an
inch wide nice regular chain the clasp
very very lv the zipper really small
short and zipper police it's really a
fluid inside nothing special very
textile normal appearance side by side
this zipper this clays zipper on the
multicolored is going to be longer and
much prettier like a nice chain that's
like a pair of braces the actual zipper
I notice is a tad bit different in
between the two but look at the monogram
much wider very cute
okay now let's see what I draw these can
hold so I pretty much put as much as i
could put in both of these before they
lost their shape and i'm going to show
you what's in both of these so let's
start off with the monogram clay inside
i have five one-dollar bills if i had to
fold up because they cannot go in any
other way i have my driver's license and
a bank card i have chapstick para
fingernail clippers Vicki sense so this
clay was able to hold all of this
products not bad now on to the
multicolor claim this clay unfortunately
is so flat that it was a shape very
quickly but i'm going to show you what i
put in there i managed to put in there
before change to shape now i could not
find a lip gloss so this is going to be
my lip gloss which i put at the top and
i have five one-dollar bills and three
cards so in this play this is all we
were able to put in here without it
losing its shape as you can see this
clay holds a nice amount of stuff
compared to this one what this one still
looks nice okay you can't be a key pouch
without keys so I decided to attach some
keys to show you how they fit inside so
let's start off with this kids right off
the back I know that my car key regular
car key is not going to fit in here
without it distorting so these are
basically a pair of house keys mailbox
key and a master key and one of the
inside
and not bad so this is what the house
key are the home keys this ski is a
little bit bigger and this is my car key
so I'm going to put this inside this is
nice for car keys are bulkier keys so
this is my car keys and this is my house
keys this can still hold a bigger key so
yeah hi guys i hope you enjoyed my video
all in all these are both two really
good key pouches and in case you haven't
noticed I'm like locked both of them so
I like them both but if I definitely
have to choose I would choose this one
because this is one is the most
functional out of the two but this one
is the most prettiest out of the tube
and if you carry a lot of flat items and
bills this is the one for you if you
carry a lot of bulky stuff this is the
one for you so I hope you guys have
enjoyed my little comparison if you have
any questions please let me know as I'm
always here to help you take care